Support for RHEL 4.18 kernels (#1175)
grafana/beyla: README.md

  enabled. BTF became enabled by default on most Linux distributions with kernel 5.14 or higher. 
  You can check if your kernel has BTF enabled by verifying if `/sys/kernel/btf/vmlinux` exists on your system.
  If you need to recompile your kernel to enable BTF, the configuration option `CONFIG_DEBUG_INFO_BTF=y` must be
  set.

> - Alternatively, RHEL 4.18 Linux kernels (at least build 348) are also supported, due to their heavily backported nature.

Reviewer: You could phrase it like:

```suggestion
- Alternatively, Beyla also supports RedHat Enterprise Linux with 4.18 Linux kernels, build 348 and above.
```

> - Alternatively, RHEL 4.18 Linux kernels (at least build 348) are also supported, due to their heavily backported nature.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention backports? If so, we can add that, or phase it as "extended support"

> - Alternatively, RHEL 4.18 Linux kernels (at least build 348) are also supported, due to their heavily backported nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Beyla supports Linux distributions running RedHat Enterprise Linux 4.18 kernels build 348 and above as they have the required kernel backports. These include CentOS, AlmaLinux, and Oracle Linux.
```

> - Alternatively, RHEL 4.18 Linux kernels (at least build 348) are also supported, due to their heavily backported nature.

Reviewer: I'm on PTO from tomorrow, feel free to edit further if needed 😄

> - Alternatively, RHEL 4.18 Linux kernels (at least build 348) are also supported, due to their heavily backported nature.

Reviewer 2: I like what Sean wrote here. If we want to be specific, we can add "...have the required kernel backports, namely ring buffer and BTF support".
